OK it seems we can use redux we going to need to hook up redux to our application we need to do the
setup first.
So we need to import a few things to use redux going to go right here at the top and we get to import
and the first thing we need to import for redux.
It's going to be the provider.
So I'm going to say provider and the provider comes not for redux but from re-act redux.
I'm going to say from and it's going to be re-act redux us OK.
We have the provider now from redux.
We need to use the create store and the Apply middleware and we are going to use middle words and this
section and can say import and then just create store create store and then we need to bring the middleware
one.
So we're going to say coma and then apply and the middleware There we go.
Nice to begin to bring this one from Britax.
I'm going to say Widex Let's get.
So we have to create store and we apply middleware that's fine.
OK.
So we need to wrap everything inside a provider and inside the provider we set a store and the store
user uses a function.
So I'm going to create a function right now.
It's going to be Konst and then create store and then with middleware.
Right.
So this one is going to be going to use the Apply middleware we're using right here which is spring
right here.
And this one is going to be equal to function.
And what we do right here we create a store.
So I'm going to say create store just like that.
I made a mistake here to create store.
It's not with a capital C just with it just a V with a C.
So I'm going to do it just like that.
OK.
Very good.
So now we need to wrap everything inside a provider.
So I'm going to say provider and notice I'm just doing this manually and I'm not using Emett to wrap
everything inside a div you know maybe you don't know how to use M.F..
So I'm just doing it this way just in case.
OK.
So we have the provider.
So the next thing we need to do is to create a store.
So whenever we create a store we use the curly braces we're going to use the Kohn's devival be created
right here and this creates store with middleware.
It's going to take on arguments and the argument is going to be all the reducers we get all the reducers.
So we're going to say reducers right let's get.
So we have the reducers.
Now what do we need to do.
I'm going to import the reducers right here at the top so I'm going to say inport and then we're going
to say we do Sir's from and then we're going to bring everything from we juicers.
We didn't have that final yet but we can create it in two in a minute.
OK.
So it's going to be reducers Burguet everything it looks ready right here.
So I'm going to go to the reducers.
I'm going to create our Index for the reducers index.
Yes.
OK.
So inside the Indic that yes we need to combine combine all the reducers.
So I'm going to say important and I'm going to bring combine reducers from Britax combined we do Sir's
and maybe you notice that it's always the same steps at the beginning.
You know this is the same thing we did previously in the U.S. and there is this one prematch again same
thing.
So I'm going to say from and then redux.
OK so now we need to create verbal that it's going to be combining all the reducers.
So I'm going to say Konst and it's going to be rude reducer.
And again this name it's a convention.
So we're going to say combine reducers.
This is going to be a function and takes and takes just an object.
For now we're going to just leave it empty.
Now what we need to do is to we need to make this brute reducer available inside the index digest.
So we're going to say export default and then just route reduce or
so right here we're going to have it's going to work but we can have an error message that says the
store does not have a valid reduce or it's because we didn't have any reducers.
Right now it's just empty but we're not going to go with the reducers we're going to do the do it in
the opposite way.
On the previous section we created the reducer first.
But now since we can to use middleware is it going to be easier to explain if we go directly to create
the link inside the search you know the set up for us and then go into the actual creator.
We're going to start from there.
So let's go to the site to the next section and we will start to creating all the set up for this.